have a look at this side of the building
so many many many big apartments imagine
all the people that live in all these
apartments
most of them have a car so imagine the
cars and the people
it is just amazing do you think you've
seen traffic James in Australia ha
they're nothing but sunday traffic here
sunday traffic at nine o'clock in the
morning
like it is chaotic absolute chaotic and
the buses there are at least a million
buses that drive there in those streets
and they drive like maniacs mcdougals
monkeys I think they are trained on a
racetrack they are just so incredibly
fast
you get a massage on the bus ride you
get thrown around from left to right
forward and backwards it's just plumber
it's better than a ride at Luna Park
it's been such a good experience coming
to Brazil I've done so many kilometers
and anything just a little bit of it
it's been spectacular have a look at the
buildings over there in front of the
mountain range
and it's still building and building
it's growing and growing and growing has
more than 20 million people just here on
this video but you see
unbelievable
and wasting Sydney's big ha Sydney's and
a little southern little town it's
nothing
ever ever look it just doesn't stop
and pass these buildings south side
that's where the southern star and they
gave for probably 60 kilometer
kilometers in diameter this houses
houses buildings buildings houses houses
buildings
can't believe it
in the greatest city of some power
there's more than 30 million people that
live here